okay I'm just going to prepare my galaxy
pop for dry hopping so what I've got
here is a piece of Muslim has been
sterilized in some boiling water that
I'm just going to hold in such the
grounds of galaxy hop pellets goes into
the center here like that this is 100
grand bag so I'm just going okay so
that's the 50 grams hop pellets just
basically pull up the corners like so up
another trip when you dry hopping
pellets if you just check the pellets in
like that they'll float on the top but
if you put in a weight this is a stood a
metal weight that I'm putting in it's
been sterilized as well check that in
the middle that's going to wait the bag
down so that the oils from the hops
actually distribute through the
fermenting barrel better rather than the
hot bag sitting on the top get four
corners like that I've got to put a
string tie them around base you just
made a little parcel
you go do that up reasonably tight you
go there's a little bit of room in there
because the the pallets will swell as
they absorb liquid so they took we're
ready to go if you saw earlier I put
some 50 grams of galaxy hop pellets into
this muslin cloth and tied it up and
it's got two gotta wait in there so
we'll check that in it's going to sink
yep there it goes
you